feat: Add docs for replay tree shaking flags (#8313)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/troubleshooting.mdx

If you're having any problems with the latest SDK version, we want to hear about it. Please open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Type%3A+Bug&projects=&template=bug.yml) and describe your situation.

> ## Using Session Replay increases the bundle size of my application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Session Replay Increases the Bundle Size of My Application.
```

> Enabling Session Replay will add about 50 kb (gzipped) to your application bundle.
> While this is a significant increase, we believe the benefits of Session Replay outweigh the cost.
> Due to the inherent complexity of the browser enviornment, there is a considerable amount of code necessary in order for Session Replay to work.
> 
> While we are generally working on ways to reduce the bundle size, there are a few steps you can take right now in order to reduce the size of Session Replay,
> based on your specific use case. See [Tree Shaking](../../configuration/tree-shaking/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the complexity of the browser environment, there's a significant amount of code necessary in order for Session Replay to work. And while enabling Session Replay will add about 50 kb (gzipped) to your application bundle, we believe the benefits will outweigh the cost.

We're always working on ways to reduce the bundle size. Additionally, there are steps you can take in order to reduce the size of Session Replay based on your specific use case. See [Tree Shaking](../../configuration/tree-shaking/) for more information.
```

> ## I see the message: "A large number of mutations was detected (N). This can slow down the Replay SDK and impact your customers."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## I See the Message: "A large number of mutations was detected (N). This can slow down the Replay SDK and impact your customers."
```
